
DISTRIBUTION NOTES

To install gSOAP, unpack the archive. You will get the following files:

README.txt	read this first
LICENSE.txt	licensing information, please read
INSTALL.txt	installation instructions
NOTES.txt	this file
license.pdf	gSOAP public license APPLICABLE TO SOME PARTS, see LICENSE.txt
factsheet.pdf	Quick overview of facts and features

The 'gsoap' folder contains essential source code for the run-time libraries:

stdsoap2.h	header file for stdsoap2.c[pp]
stdsoap2.c	C library with the gSOAP engine, this is the source for libgsoap
stdsoap2.cpp	C++ library (functionality identical to stdsoap2.c)
dom.c		C DOM parser
dom.cpp		C++ DOM parser (functionality identical to dom.c)

and the following folders:

bin		pre-built binaries of wsdl2h and soapcpp2 for Mac OS and Windows
doc		documentation, including the user guide
samples		examples
import		#import-ed header files for soapcpp2 compiler
plugin		plug-ins for advanced features
custom		custom serializers for various data types
mod_gsoap	Apache mod_gsoap, IIS, and WinInet support
extras		contributed extras
src		soapcpp2 tool source files
wsdl		wsdl2h tool source files for WSDL and XSD translation
WS		WS-typemap.dat and WS-* protocol schemas for plug-in development
uddi2		UDDI v2
Palm		Palm OS support (deprecated)
Symbian		Symbian OS support
TandemNonStop	Tandem NonStop OS support
VisualStudio2005 To build soapcpp2 and wsdl2h for MS VS platforms 2005 and up

The SOAP/XML client/server examples, XML-RPC, JSON, RSS, DOM parsing,
WS-Security, SOAP/XML auto-testing services, XML databindings, and other
examples of advanced features are available in the 'samples' subdirectory.

The 'gsoap_mod' directory includes Apache 1.x and 2.0 mods for gSOAP, IIS, and
WinInet support. WinInet allows gsoap to use the WinInet API instead of calls
to the socket API. The primary benefit of this arrangement is that "if IE
works, your program will work". There is no need to read proxy settings from
the registry, deal with proxy configuration scripts, etc. Changes in the
"Internet Options" dialog box will immediately take effect in your program.
Additionally, this will allow gsoap to handle forms of authentication not yet
supported natively, such as NTLM (Integrated Windows Authentication), etc.

Contributions are included in the 'extras' directory. All contributions are
covered by the gSOAP public license, unless specifically stated otherwise in
the contributed file(s).

